# EndpointIAX

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **int32** | IAX Endpoint ID | [optional] [readonly]
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | IAX name | [optional] [default to "autogenerated"]
**Trunk** | Pointer to [**TrunkRelationBase**](TrunkRelationBase.md) |  | [optional]
**Line** | Pointer to [**[]LineRelationBase**](LineRelationBase.md) |  | [optional] [readonly]
**Host** | Pointer to **string** | Hosts that are allowed to use this IAX account | [optional] [default to "dynamic"]
**Options** | Pointer to **[][]string** | Advanced configuration: options. Options are appended at the end of a IAX account in the file &#39;iax.conf&#39; used by asterisk. Please consult the asterisk documentation for further details on available parameters. Because of database limitations, the following options can only be configured once:  *accountcode* adsi *allow* amaflags *auth* callerid *category* cid_number *codecpriority* commented *context* dbsecret *defaultip* deny *encryption* forceencryption *forcejitterbuffer* fullname *immediate* inkeys *jitterbuffer* keyrotate *language* mailbox *mask* maxauthreq *mohinterpret* mohsuggest *outkey* parkinglot *peercontext* permit *port* protocol *qualify* qualifyfreqnoto *qualifyfreqok* qualifysmoothing *regexten* requirecalltoken *secret* sendani *setvar* sourceaddress *timezone* transfer *trunk* username  Any other options may be repeated as many times as needed. Options must have the following form: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; {   \&quot;options\&quot;: [      [\&quot;name1\&quot;, \&quot;value1\&quot;],      [\&quot;name2\&quot;, \&quot;value2\&quot;]   ] } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  The resulting configuration in iax.conf will have the following form: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; [iaxusername] context&#x3D;default secret&#x3D;iaxsecret name1&#x3D;value1 name2&#x3D;value2 &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  | [optional]
**TenantUuid** | Pointer to **string** | The UUID of the tenant | [optional] [readonly]
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | Type of IAX account | [optional] [default to "friend"]

## Methods

### NewEndpointIAX

`func NewEndpointIAX() *EndpointIAX`

NewEndpointIAX instantiates a new EndpointIAX object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEndpointIAXWithDefaults

`func NewEndpointIAXWithDefaults() *EndpointIAX`

NewEndpointIAXWithDefaults instantiates a new EndpointIAX object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrunk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetTrunk() TrunkRelationBase`

GetTrunk returns the Trunk field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrunkOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetTrunkOk() (*TrunkRelationBase, bool)`

GetTrunkOk returns a tuple with the Trunk field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrunk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetTrunk(v TrunkRelationBase)`

SetTrunk sets Trunk field to given value.

### HasTrunk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasTrunk() bool`

HasTrunk returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLine

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetLine() []LineRelationBase`

GetLine returns the Line field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLineOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetLineOk() (*[]LineRelationBase, bool)`

GetLineOk returns a tuple with the Line field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLine

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetLine(v []LineRelationBase)`

SetLine sets Line field to given value.

### HasLine

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasLine() bool`

HasLine returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHost

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetHost() string`

GetHost returns the Host field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetHostOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostOk returns a tuple with the Host field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHost

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetHost(v string)`

SetHost sets Host field to given value.

### HasHost

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasHost() bool`

HasHost returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOptions

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetOptions() [][]string`

GetOptions returns the Options field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOptionsOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetOptionsOk() (*[][]string, bool)`

GetOptionsOk returns a tuple with the Options field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOptions

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetOptions(v [][]string)`

SetOptions sets Options field to given value.

### HasOptions

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasOptions() bool`

HasOptions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTenantUuid

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetTenantUuid() string`

GetTenantUuid returns the TenantUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantUuidOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetTenantUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantUuidOk returns a tuple with the TenantUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantUuid

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetTenantUuid(v string)`

SetTenantUuid sets TenantUuid field to given value.

### HasTenantUuid

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasTenantUuid() bool`

HasTenantUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *EndpointIAX) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *EndpointIAX) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *EndpointIAX) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
