# Go API client for agentd

Agent service

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 0.0.1
- Generator version: 7.5.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://accentvoice.io/](https://accentvoice.io/)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import agentd "github.com/ryanwclark/accent-voice/agentd"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `agentd.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agentd.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `agentd.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agentd.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `agentd.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `agentd.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agentd.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), agentd.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://api.accentvoice.io/1.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AgentAPI* | [**AddAgentById**](docs/AgentAPI.md#addagentbyid) | **Post** /agents/by-id/{agent_id}/add | Add agent to a queue.
*AgentAPI* | [**GetAgentById**](docs/AgentAPI.md#getagentbyid) | **Get** /agents/by-id/{agent_id} | Get agent status.
*AgentAPI* | [**GetAgentByNumber**](docs/AgentAPI.md#getagentbynumber) | **Get** /agents/by-number/{agent_number} | Get agent status.
*AgentAPI* | [**GetUserAgent**](docs/AgentAPI.md#getuseragent) | **Get** /users/me/agents | Get agent status of the user holding the authentication token.
*AgentAPI* | [**LoginAgentById**](docs/AgentAPI.md#loginagentbyid) | **Post** /agents/by-id/{agent_id}/login | Log an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**LoginAgentByNumber**](docs/AgentAPI.md#loginagentbynumber) | **Post** /agents/by-number/{agent_number}/login | Log an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**LoginUserAgent**](docs/AgentAPI.md#loginuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/login | Log the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*AgentAPI* | [**LogoffAgentById**](docs/AgentAPI.md#logoffagentbyid) | **Post** /agents/by-id/{agent_id}/logoff | Logoff an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**LogoffAgentByNumber**](docs/AgentAPI.md#logoffagentbynumber) | **Post** /agents/by-number/{agent_number}/logoff | Logoff an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**LogoffUserAgent**](docs/AgentAPI.md#logoffuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/logoff | Logoff the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*AgentAPI* | [**PauseAgentByNumber**](docs/AgentAPI.md#pauseagentbynumber) | **Post** /agents/by-number/{agent_number}/pause | Pause an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**PauseUserAgent**](docs/AgentAPI.md#pauseuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/pause | Pause the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*AgentAPI* | [**RemoveAgentById**](docs/AgentAPI.md#removeagentbyid) | **Post** /agents/by-id/{agent_id}/remove | Remove agent from a queue.
*AgentAPI* | [**UnpauseAgentByNumber**](docs/AgentAPI.md#unpauseagentbynumber) | **Post** /agents/by-number/{agent_number}/unpause | Unpause an agent.
*AgentAPI* | [**UnpauseUserAgent**](docs/AgentAPI.md#unpauseuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/unpause | Unpause the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*AgentsAPI* | [**GetAgents**](docs/AgentsAPI.md#getagents) | **Get** /agents | Get the status of all agents.
*AgentsAPI* | [**LogoffAgents**](docs/AgentsAPI.md#logoffagents) | **Post** /agents/logoff | Logoff all agents.
*AgentsAPI* | [**RelogAgents**](docs/AgentsAPI.md#relogagents) | **Post** /agents/relog | Relog all agents.
*StatusAPI* | [**GetStatus**](docs/StatusAPI.md#getstatus) | **Get** /status | Get the status of accent-agentd.
*UserAPI* | [**GetUserAgent**](docs/UserAPI.md#getuseragent) | **Get** /users/me/agents | Get agent status of the user holding the authentication token.
*UserAPI* | [**LoginUserAgent**](docs/UserAPI.md#loginuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/login | Log the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*UserAPI* | [**LogoffUserAgent**](docs/UserAPI.md#logoffuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/logoff | Logoff the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*UserAPI* | [**PauseUserAgent**](docs/UserAPI.md#pauseuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/pause | Pause the agent of the user holding the authentication token
*UserAPI* | [**UnpauseUserAgent**](docs/UserAPI.md#unpauseuseragent) | **Post** /users/me/agents/unpause | Unpause the agent of the user holding the authentication token


## Documentation For Models

 - [AgentPauseReason](docs/AgentPauseReason.md)
 - [AgentStatus](docs/AgentStatus.md)
 - [ComponentWithStatus](docs/ComponentWithStatus.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [LoginInfo](docs/LoginInfo.md)
 - [Queue](docs/Queue.md)
 - [StatusSummary](docs/StatusSummary.md)
 - [StatusValue](docs/StatusValue.md)
 - [UserAgentLoginInfo](docs/UserAgentLoginInfo.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### accent_auth_token

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Auth-Token
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Auth-Token and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		agentd.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]agentd.APIKey{
			"X-Auth-Token": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

help@accentvoice.io

